Topic   Animals
Question: Sharks are mammals.
Answer: False - they are actually classified as fish.

Question: Sea otters have a favorite rock they use to break open food.
Answer: True - they keep these treasures in the loose skin under their arms.

Question: The blue whale is the biggest animal to have ever lived.
Answer: True - and that includes dinosaurs!

Question: The hummingbird egg is the world's smallest bird egg.
Answer: True - on the flip side, ostriches lay the largest eggs.

Question: Pigs roll in the mud because they don’t like being clean.
Answer: False - pigs have few sweat glands and their muddy baths help keep them cool.

Question: Bats are blind.
Answer: False - bats often find their way using ultrasound but their eyes work, just not particularly well).

Question: A dog sweats by panting its tongue.
Answer: False - canines sweat through glands in their paws.

Question: It takes a sloth two weeks to digest a meal.
Answer: True - that’s the slowest digestion time of any mammal!

Question: The largest living frog is the Goliath frog of West Africa.
Answer: True - this amphibian reaches lengths of 12.5 inches and weighs 7.2 pounds.

Question: An ant can lift 1,000 times its body weight.
Answer: False - ants can lift 5,000 times their body weight!

Question: When exiting a cave, bats always go in the direction of the wind.
Answer: False - bats always turn left out of a cave.

Question: Galapagos tortoises sleep up to 16 hours a day.
Answer: True - and they can go a year without food or water, so they have lots of time for extra sleep.

Question: An octopus has seven hearts.
Answer: False - it has three hearts and they do a lot of work. One heart circulates blood around the body and the other two pump blood past the gills and pick up oxygen.

Question: The goat is the national animal of Scotland.
Answer: False - it is the unicorn.

Question: Herbivores are animal eaters.
Answer: False - herbivores only eat plants.

Question: A monkey was the first non-human to go into space.
Answer: False - fruit flies were the first to make the trip. 

